The environment basis for this program requires that a few python libraries must be installed to run. In addition to the os in-built python library, the program requires dotenv, flask, flask_sqlalchemy, flask_login, werkzeug and requests libraries. Flask and requests can be installed in the terminal using the commands "pip install libray_name", all in lowercase. Dotenv is installed using "pip install python-dotenv". In addition to all those libraries, you must also install heroku in your terminal. Since milestone 3 requires using JS's React library, you need to install npm and npx.

You must create an .env file in the current directory. The .env file contains important information without which your app won't be running. In the env. for this project, you must create a TMDB_KEY variable and associate it with your TMDB API key, create DATABASE_URL variable and associated with a postgresql database link, and finally you must create a session_key variable and associate it with any random string that you can use as your key. Reminder that all these variables are string variables so they must be enclosed in quotation marks. To get an API key for TMDB, sign up at https://www.themoviedb.org/signup to get an API key for your app.

Now to run the code locally, modify main.py by removing the first and the second parameters in the last line of code. At this stage, navigate to the same to directory as the main.py in your terminal. First run "npm ci", then "npm run build" ,lastly run "python main.py". The command should generate an IP address that you can view in your browser. You've successfully run the program!

Click on the link below the image to see the movie's wikipedia page, and click the poster image to navigate to the review page where you can leave a comment and a rating for the movie you clicked on. It is to note that all the comment and running submitted by the same user after their first comment will only replace that user's first comment. So, with one account, you can't leave two comments for the same movie. These comments will be replacing themselves.

The assignment proved a little more difficult than I thought it would be due my unfamiliarity with the tools I needed to employ for this assignment. Luckily, a few google searches proved to be helpful.

I had a problem with running the command "npm run build". My system didn't recognize BUILD_PATH as a command or batch file. It turns out I was running it in Powershell while I was supposed to run in bash for my Windows OS.

Then I also need to pass data from the react app to the flask at some point to run into my database. I didn't know how so I googled and found out that window.location. search helps fetch the query part of an url in JS and that it can be helpful in passing parameters across routes.